c:\Users\alper\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\SigortaWeb\SigortaWeb\bin\SigortaWeb.dll.config
c:\Users\alper\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\SigortaWeb\SigortaWeb\bin\SigortaWeb.dll
c:\Users\alper\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\SigortaWeb\SigortaWeb\bin\SigortaWeb.pdb
c:\Users\alper\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\SigortaWeb\SigortaWeb\bin\DevExpress.Data.v16.1.dll
c:\Users\alper\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\SigortaWeb\SigortaWeb\bin\DevExpress.Office.v16.1.Core.dll
c:\Users\alper\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\SigortaWeb\SigortaWeb\bin\DevExpress.Printing.v16.1.Core.dll
c:\Users\alper\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\SigortaWeb\SigortaWeb\bin\DevExpress.RichEdit.v16.1.Core.dll
c:\Users\alper\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\SigortaWeb\SigortaWeb\bin\DevExpress.Spreadsheet.v16.1.Core.dll
c:\Users\alper\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\SigortaWeb\SigortaWeb\bin\DevExpress.Utils.v16.1.dll
c:\Users\alper\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\SigortaWeb\SigortaWeb\bin\DevExpress.Web.ASPxThemes.v16.1.dll
c:\Users\alper\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\SigortaWeb\SigortaWeb\bin\DevExpress.Web.Mvc5.v16.1.dll
c:\Users\alper\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\SigortaWeb\SigortaWeb\bin\DevExpress.Web.v16.1.dll
c:\Users\alper\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\SigortaWeb\SigortaWeb\bin\EntityFramework.dll
c:\Users\alper\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\SigortaWeb\SigortaWeb\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
c:\Users\alper\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\SigortaWeb\SigortaWeb\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\Users\alper\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\SigortaWeb\SigortaWeb\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\Users\alper\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\SigortaWeb\SigortaWeb\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
c:\Users\alper\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\SigortaWeb\SigortaWeb\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
c:\Users\alper\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\SigortaWeb\SigortaWeb\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
c:\Users\alper\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\SigortaWeb\SigortaWeb\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
c:\Users\alper\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\SigortaWeb\SigortaWeb\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\Users\alper\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\SigortaWeb\SigortaWeb\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\Users\alper\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\SigortaWeb\SigortaWeb\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
c:\Users\alper\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\SigortaWeb\SigortaWeb\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
c:\Users\alper\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\SigortaWeb\SigortaWeb\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
c:\Users\alper\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\SigortaWeb\SigortaWeb\bin\WebMatrix.Data.dll
c:\Users\alper\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\SigortaWeb\SigortaWeb\bin\DevExpress.Charts.v16.1.Core.dll
c:\Users\alper\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\SigortaWeb\SigortaWeb\bin\DevExpress.DataAccess.v16.1.dll
c:\Users\alper\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\SigortaWeb\SigortaWeb\bin\DevExpress.Pdf.v16.1.Core.dll
c:\Users\alper\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\SigortaWeb\SigortaWeb\bin\DevExpress.Pdf.v16.1.Drawing.dll
c:\Users\alper\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\SigortaWeb\SigortaWeb\bin\DevExpress.XtraCharts.v16.1.Web.dll
c:\Users\alper\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\SigortaWeb\SigortaWeb\bin\DevExpress.XtraCharts.v16.1.dll
c:\Users\alper\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\SigortaWeb\SigortaWeb\bin\DevExpress.Web.ASPxHtmlEditor.v16.1.dll
c:\Users\alper\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\SigortaWeb\SigortaWeb\bin\DevExpress.Web.ASPxPivotGrid.v16.1.dll
c:\Users\alper\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\SigortaWeb\SigortaWeb\bin\DevExpress.PivotGrid.v16.1.Core.dll
c:\Users\alper\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\SigortaWeb\SigortaWeb\bin\DevExpress.XtraReports.v16.1.Web.dll
c:\Users\alper\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\SigortaWeb\SigortaWeb\bin\DevExpress.Web.ASPxRichEdit.v16.1.dll
c:\Users\alper\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\SigortaWeb\SigortaWeb\bin\DevExpress.Web.ASPxScheduler.v16.1.dll
c:\Users\alper\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\SigortaWeb\SigortaWeb\bin\DevExpress.XtraScheduler.v16.1.Core.dll
c:\Users\alper\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\SigortaWeb\SigortaWeb\bin\DevExpress.Web.ASPxSpellChecker.v16.1.dll
c:\Users\alper\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\SigortaWeb\SigortaWeb\bin\DevExpress.Web.ASPxSpreadsheet.v16.1.dll
c:\Users\alper\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\SigortaWeb\SigortaWeb\bin\DevExpress.Web.ASPxTreeList.v16.1.dll
c:\Users\alper\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\SigortaWeb\SigortaWeb\bin\DevExpress.XtraReports.v16.1.dll
c:\Users\alper\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\SigortaWeb\SigortaWeb\bin\DevExpress.SpellChecker.v16.1.Core.dll
c:\Users\alper\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\SigortaWeb\SigortaWeb\bin\DevExpress.Xpo.v16.1.dll
c:\Users\alper\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\SigortaWeb\SigortaWeb\bin\DevExpress.CodeParser.v16.1.dll
c:\Users\alper\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\SigortaWeb\SigortaWeb\bin\DevExpress.Web.Resources.v16.1.dll
c:\Users\alper\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\SigortaWeb\SigortaWeb\bin\DevExpress.Sparkline.v16.1.Core.dll
c:\Users\alper\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\SigortaWeb\SigortaWeb\bin\DevExpress.XtraGauges.v16.1.Core.dll
c:\Users\alper\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\SigortaWeb\SigortaWeb\bin\DevExpress.Office.v16.1.Core.xml
c:\Users\alper\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\SigortaWeb\SigortaWeb\bin\DevExpress.Spreadsheet.v16.1.Core.xml
c:\Users\alper\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\SigortaWeb\SigortaWeb\bin\EntityFramework.xml
c:\Users\alper\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\SigortaWeb\SigortaWeb\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
c:\Users\alper\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\SigortaWeb\SigortaWeb\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\Users\alper\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\SigortaWeb\SigortaWeb\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
c:\Users\alper\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\SigortaWeb\SigortaWeb\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
c:\Users\alper\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\SigortaWeb\SigortaWeb\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
c:\Users\alper\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\SigortaWeb\SigortaWeb\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
c:\Users\alper\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\SigortaWeb\SigortaWeb\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\Users\alper\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\SigortaWeb\SigortaWeb\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\Users\alper\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\SigortaWeb\SigortaWeb\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
c:\Users\alper\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\SigortaWeb\SigortaWeb\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
c:\Users\alper\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\SigortaWeb\SigortaWeb\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
c:\Users\alper\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\SigortaWeb\SigortaWeb\bin\DevExpress.Utils.v16.1.xml
c:\Users\alper\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\SigortaWeb\SigortaWeb\bin\DevExpress.Data.v16.1.xml
c:\Users\alper\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\SigortaWeb\SigortaWeb\bin\DevExpress.RichEdit.v16.1.Core.xml
c:\Users\alper\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\SigortaWeb\SigortaWeb\bin\DevExpress.Printing.v16.1.Core.xml
c:\Users\alper\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\SigortaWeb\SigortaWeb\bin\DevExpress.Web.v16.1.xml
c:\Users\alper\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\SigortaWeb\SigortaWeb\bin\WebMatrix.Data.xml
c:\Users\alper\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\SigortaWeb\SigortaWeb\bin\DevExpress.DataAccess.v16.1.xml
c:\Users\alper\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\SigortaWeb\SigortaWeb\bin\DevExpress.Pdf.v16.1.Core.xml
c:\Users\alper\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\SigortaWeb\SigortaWeb\bin\DevExpress.Pdf.v16.1.Drawing.xml
c:\Users\alper\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\SigortaWeb\SigortaWeb\bin\DevExpress.XtraCharts.v16.1.Web.xml
c:\Users\alper\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\SigortaWeb\SigortaWeb\bin\DevExpress.XtraCharts.v16.1.xml
c:\Users\alper\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\SigortaWeb\SigortaWeb\bin\DevExpress.Web.ASPxHtmlEditor.v16.1.xml
c:\Users\alper\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\SigortaWeb\SigortaWeb\bin\DevExpress.Web.ASPxPivotGrid.v16.1.xml
c:\Users\alper\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\SigortaWeb\SigortaWeb\bin\DevExpress.PivotGrid.v16.1.Core.xml
c:\Users\alper\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\SigortaWeb\SigortaWeb\bin\DevExpress.XtraReports.v16.1.Web.xml
c:\Users\alper\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\SigortaWeb\SigortaWeb\bin\DevExpress.Web.ASPxRichEdit.v16.1.xml
c:\Users\alper\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\SigortaWeb\SigortaWeb\bin\DevExpress.Web.ASPxScheduler.v16.1.xml
c:\Users\alper\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\SigortaWeb\SigortaWeb\bin\DevExpress.XtraScheduler.v16.1.Core.xml
c:\Users\alper\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\SigortaWeb\SigortaWeb\bin\DevExpress.Web.ASPxSpellChecker.v16.1.xml
c:\Users\alper\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\SigortaWeb\SigortaWeb\bin\DevExpress.Web.ASPxSpreadsheet.v16.1.xml
c:\Users\alper\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\SigortaWeb\SigortaWeb\bin\DevExpress.Web.ASPxTreeList.v16.1.xml
c:\Users\alper\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\SigortaWeb\SigortaWeb\bin\DevExpress.XtraReports.v16.1.xml
c:\Users\alper\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\SigortaWeb\SigortaWeb\bin\DevExpress.SpellChecker.v16.1.Core.xml
c:\Users\alper\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\SigortaWeb\SigortaWeb\bin\DevExpress.Xpo.v16.1.xml
c:\Users\alper\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\SigortaWeb\SigortaWeb\bin\DevExpress.Sparkline.v16.1.Core.xml
c:\Users\alper\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\SigortaWeb\SigortaWeb\bin\DevExpress.XtraGauges.v16.1.Core.xml
c:\Users\alper\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\SigortaWeb\SigortaWeb\bin\de\DevExpress.Office.v16.1.Core.resources.dll
c:\Users\alper\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\SigortaWeb\SigortaWeb\bin\es\DevExpress.Office.v16.1.Core.resources.dll
c:\Users\alper\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\SigortaWeb\SigortaWeb\bin\ja\DevExpress.Office.v16.1.Core.resources.dll
c:\Users\alper\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\SigortaWeb\SigortaWeb\bin\ru\DevExpress.Office.v16.1.Core.resources.dll
c:\Users\alper\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\SigortaWeb\SigortaWeb\bin\de\DevExpress.Spreadsheet.v16.1.Core.resources.dll
c:\Users\alper\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\SigortaWeb\SigortaWeb\bin\es\DevExpress.Spreadsheet.v16.1.Core.resources.dll
c:\Users\alper\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\SigortaWeb\SigortaWeb\bin\ja\DevExpress.Spreadsheet.v16.1.Core.resources.dll
c:\Users\alper\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\SigortaWeb\SigortaWeb\bin\ru\DevExpress.Spreadsheet.v16.1.Core.resources.dll
c:\Users\alper\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\SigortaWeb\SigortaWeb\bin\de\DevExpress.Utils.v16.1.resources.dll
c:\Users\alper\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\SigortaWeb\SigortaWeb\bin\es\DevExpress.Utils.v16.1.resources.dll
c:\Users\alper\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\SigortaWeb\SigortaWeb\bin\ja\DevExpress.Utils.v16.1.resources.dll
c:\Users\alper\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\SigortaWeb\SigortaWeb\bin\ru\DevExpress.Utils.v16.1.resources.dll
c:\Users\alper\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\SigortaWeb\SigortaWeb\bin\de\DevExpress.Data.v16.1.resources.dll
c:\Users\alper\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\SigortaWeb\SigortaWeb\bin\es\DevExpress.Data.v16.1.resources.dll
c:\Users\alper\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\SigortaWeb\SigortaWeb\bin\ja\DevExpress.Data.v16.1.resources.dll
c:\Users\alper\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\SigortaWeb\SigortaWeb\bin\ru\DevExpress.Data.v16.1.resources.dll
c:\Users\alper\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\SigortaWeb\SigortaWeb\bin\de\DevExpress.RichEdit.v16.1.Core.resources.dll
c:\Users\alper\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\SigortaWeb\SigortaWeb\bin\es\DevExpress.RichEdit.v16.1.Core.resources.dll
c:\Users\alper\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\SigortaWeb\SigortaWeb\bin\ja\DevExpress.RichEdit.v16.1.Core.resources.dll
c:\Users\alper\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\SigortaWeb\SigortaWeb\bin\ru\DevExpress.RichEdit.v16.1.Core.resources.dll
c:\Users\alper\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\SigortaWeb\SigortaWeb\bin\de\DevExpress.Printing.v16.1.Core.resources.dll
c:\Users\alper\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\SigortaWeb\SigortaWeb\bin\es\DevExpress.Printing.v16.1.Core.resources.dll
c:\Users\alper\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\SigortaWeb\SigortaWeb\bin\ja\DevExpress.Printing.v16.1.Core.resources.dll
c:\Users\alper\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\SigortaWeb\SigortaWeb\bin\ru\DevExpress.Printing.v16.1.Core.resources.dll
c:\Users\alper\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\SigortaWeb\SigortaWeb\bin\de\DevExpress.Web.v16.1.resources.dll
c:\Users\alper\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\SigortaWeb\SigortaWeb\bin\es\DevExpress.Web.v16.1.resources.dll
c:\Users\alper\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\SigortaWeb\SigortaWeb\bin\ja\DevExpress.Web.v16.1.resources.dll
c:\Users\alper\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\SigortaWeb\SigortaWeb\bin\ru\DevExpress.Web.v16.1.resources.dll
c:\Users\alper\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\SigortaWeb\SigortaWeb\bin\de\DevExpress.DataAccess.v16.1.resources.dll
c:\Users\alper\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\SigortaWeb\SigortaWeb\bin\es\DevExpress.DataAccess.v16.1.resources.dll
c:\Users\alper\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\SigortaWeb\SigortaWeb\bin\ja\DevExpress.DataAccess.v16.1.resources.dll
c:\Users\alper\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\SigortaWeb\SigortaWeb\bin\ru\DevExpress.DataAccess.v16.1.resources.dll
c:\Users\alper\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\SigortaWeb\SigortaWeb\bin\de\DevExpress.Pdf.v16.1.Core.resources.dll
c:\Users\alper\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\SigortaWeb\SigortaWeb\bin\es\DevExpress.Pdf.v16.1.Core.resources.dll
c:\Users\alper\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\SigortaWeb\SigortaWeb\bin\ja\DevExpress.Pdf.v16.1.Core.resources.dll
c:\Users\alper\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\SigortaWeb\SigortaWeb\bin\ru\DevExpress.Pdf.v16.1.Core.resources.dll
c:\Users\alper\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\SigortaWeb\SigortaWeb\bin\de\DevExpress.XtraCharts.v16.1.resources.dll
c:\Users\alper\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\SigortaWeb\SigortaWeb\bin\es\DevExpress.XtraCharts.v16.1.resources.dll
c:\Users\alper\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\SigortaWeb\SigortaWeb\bin\ja\DevExpress.XtraCharts.v16.1.resources.dll
c:\Users\alper\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\SigortaWeb\SigortaWeb\bin\ru\DevExpress.XtraCharts.v16.1.resources.dll
c:\Users\alper\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\SigortaWeb\SigortaWeb\bin\de\DevExpress.Web.ASPxHtmlEditor.v16.1.resources.dll
c:\Users\alper\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\SigortaWeb\SigortaWeb\bin\es\DevExpress.Web.ASPxHtmlEditor.v16.1.resources.dll
c:\Users\alper\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\SigortaWeb\SigortaWeb\bin\ja\DevExpress.Web.ASPxHtmlEditor.v16.1.resources.dll
c:\Users\alper\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\SigortaWeb\SigortaWeb\bin\ru\DevExpress.Web.ASPxHtmlEditor.v16.1.resources.dll
c:\Users\alper\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\SigortaWeb\SigortaWeb\bin\de\DevExpress.PivotGrid.v16.1.Core.resources.dll
c:\Users\alper\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\SigortaWeb\SigortaWeb\bin\es\DevExpress.PivotGrid.v16.1.Core.resources.dll
c:\Users\alper\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\SigortaWeb\SigortaWeb\bin\ja\DevExpress.PivotGrid.v16.1.Core.resources.dll
c:\Users\alper\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\SigortaWeb\SigortaWeb\bin\ru\DevExpress.PivotGrid.v16.1.Core.resources.dll
c:\Users\alper\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\SigortaWeb\SigortaWeb\bin\de\DevExpress.XtraReports.v16.1.Web.resources.dll
c:\Users\alper\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\SigortaWeb\SigortaWeb\bin\es\DevExpress.XtraReports.v16.1.Web.resources.dll
c:\Users\alper\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\SigortaWeb\SigortaWeb\bin\ja\DevExpress.XtraReports.v16.1.Web.resources.dll
c:\Users\alper\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\SigortaWeb\SigortaWeb\bin\ru\DevExpress.XtraReports.v16.1.Web.resources.dll
c:\Users\alper\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\SigortaWeb\SigortaWeb\bin\de\DevExpress.Web.ASPxRichEdit.v16.1.resources.dll
c:\Users\alper\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\SigortaWeb\SigortaWeb\bin\es\DevExpress.Web.ASPxRichEdit.v16.1.resources.dll
c:\Users\alper\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\SigortaWeb\SigortaWeb\bin\ja\DevExpress.Web.ASPxRichEdit.v16.1.resources.dll
c:\Users\alper\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\SigortaWeb\SigortaWeb\bin\ru\DevExpress.Web.ASPxRichEdit.v16.1.resources.dll
c:\Users\alper\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\SigortaWeb\SigortaWeb\bin\de\DevExpress.Web.ASPxScheduler.v16.1.resources.dll
c:\Users\alper\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\SigortaWeb\SigortaWeb\bin\es\DevExpress.Web.ASPxScheduler.v16.1.resources.dll
c:\Users\alper\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\SigortaWeb\SigortaWeb\bin\ja\DevExpress.Web.ASPxScheduler.v16.1.resources.dll
c:\Users\alper\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\SigortaWeb\SigortaWeb\bin\ru\DevExpress.Web.ASPxScheduler.v16.1.resources.dll
c:\Users\alper\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\SigortaWeb\SigortaWeb\bin\de\DevExpress.XtraScheduler.v16.1.Core.resources.dll
c:\Users\alper\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\SigortaWeb\SigortaWeb\bin\es\DevExpress.XtraScheduler.v16.1.Core.resources.dll
c:\Users\alper\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\SigortaWeb\SigortaWeb\bin\ja\DevExpress.XtraScheduler.v16.1.Core.resources.dll
c:\Users\alper\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\SigortaWeb\SigortaWeb\bin\ru\DevExpress.XtraScheduler.v16.1.Core.resources.dll
c:\Users\alper\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\SigortaWeb\SigortaWeb\bin\de\DevExpress.Web.ASPxSpellChecker.v16.1.resources.dll
c:\Users\alper\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\SigortaWeb\SigortaWeb\bin\es\DevExpress.Web.ASPxSpellChecker.v16.1.resources.dll
c:\Users\alper\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\SigortaWeb\SigortaWeb\bin\ja\DevExpress.Web.ASPxSpellChecker.v16.1.resources.dll
c:\Users\alper\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\SigortaWeb\SigortaWeb\bin\ru\DevExpress.Web.ASPxSpellChecker.v16.1.resources.dll
c:\Users\alper\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\SigortaWeb\SigortaWeb\bin\de\DevExpress.Web.ASPxSpreadsheet.v16.1.resources.dll
c:\Users\alper\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\SigortaWeb\SigortaWeb\bin\es\DevExpress.Web.ASPxSpreadsheet.v16.1.resources.dll
c:\Users\alper\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\SigortaWeb\SigortaWeb\bin\ja\DevExpress.Web.ASPxSpreadsheet.v16.1.resources.dll
c:\Users\alper\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\SigortaWeb\SigortaWeb\bin\ru\DevExpress.Web.ASPxSpreadsheet.v16.1.resources.dll
c:\Users\alper\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\SigortaWeb\SigortaWeb\bin\de\DevExpress.Web.ASPxTreeList.v16.1.resources.dll
c:\Users\alper\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\SigortaWeb\SigortaWeb\bin\es\DevExpress.Web.ASPxTreeList.v16.1.resources.dll
c:\Users\alper\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\SigortaWeb\SigortaWeb\bin\ja\DevExpress.Web.ASPxTreeList.v16.1.resources.dll
c:\Users\alper\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\SigortaWeb\SigortaWeb\bin\ru\DevExpress.Web.ASPxTreeList.v16.1.resources.dll
c:\Users\alper\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\SigortaWeb\SigortaWeb\bin\de\DevExpress.XtraReports.v16.1.resources.dll
c:\Users\alper\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\SigortaWeb\SigortaWeb\bin\es\DevExpress.XtraReports.v16.1.resources.dll
c:\Users\alper\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\SigortaWeb\SigortaWeb\bin\ja\DevExpress.XtraReports.v16.1.resources.dll
c:\Users\alper\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\SigortaWeb\SigortaWeb\bin\ru\DevExpress.XtraReports.v16.1.resources.dll
c:\Users\alper\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\SigortaWeb\SigortaWeb\bin\de\DevExpress.Xpo.v16.1.resources.dll
c:\Users\alper\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\SigortaWeb\SigortaWeb\bin\es\DevExpress.Xpo.v16.1.resources.dll
c:\Users\alper\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\SigortaWeb\SigortaWeb\bin\ja\DevExpress.Xpo.v16.1.resources.dll
c:\Users\alper\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\SigortaWeb\SigortaWeb\bin\ru\DevExpress.Xpo.v16.1.resources.dll
c:\Users\alper\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\SigortaWeb\SigortaWeb\bin\de\DevExpress.Sparkline.v16.1.Core.resources.dll
c:\Users\alper\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\SigortaWeb\SigortaWeb\bin\es\DevExpress.Sparkline.v16.1.Core.resources.dll
c:\Users\alper\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\SigortaWeb\SigortaWeb\bin\ja\DevExpress.Sparkline.v16.1.Core.resources.dll
c:\Users\alper\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\SigortaWeb\SigortaWeb\bin\ru\DevExpress.Sparkline.v16.1.Core.resources.dll
c:\Users\alper\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\SigortaWeb\SigortaWeb\bin\de\DevExpress.XtraGauges.v16.1.Core.resources.dll
c:\Users\alper\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\SigortaWeb\SigortaWeb\bin\es\DevExpress.XtraGauges.v16.1.Core.resources.dll
c:\Users\alper\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\SigortaWeb\SigortaWeb\bin\ja\DevExpress.XtraGauges.v16.1.Core.resources.dll
c:\Users\alper\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\SigortaWeb\SigortaWeb\bin\ru\DevExpress.XtraGauges.v16.1.Core.resources.dll
c:\Users\alper\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\SigortaWeb\SigortaWeb\obj\Debug\SigortaWeb.dll
c:\Users\alper\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\SigortaWeb\SigortaWeb\obj\Debug\SigortaWeb.pdb
c:\Users\alper\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\SigortaWeb\SigortaWeb\obj\Debug\SigortaWeb.Migrations.sd.resources
c:\Users\alper\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\SigortaWeb\SigortaWeb\obj\Debug\SigortaWeb.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
C:\Users\alper\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\SigortaWeb\SigortaWeb\obj\Debug\SigortaWeb.Migrations.asda.resources
C:\Users\alper\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\SigortaWeb\SigortaWeb\obj\Debug\SigortaWeb.Migrations.asdasad.resources
C:\Users\alper\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\SigortaWeb\SigortaWeb\obj\Debug\SigortaWeb.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
